<p align="center"><em>Andante Scherzando</em></p>
<p align="center">***</p>
A soft rustling overhead startled Pyrrhos into alertness, but when he realized it was only a little bird chirping and hopping from branch to branch among the treetops, the brown-haired soldier slumped again, lowering his gaze in dejection to continue staring blankly at the Danube flowing endlessly southward. Under the brilliant early-morning sun, the river shimmered with a gentle, profound green—the deep hue of water drifting ever onward. All around the soldier stretched a field of wildflowers, just beginning to burst into their first vibrant life in mid-spring, after a long, bitter winter had finally retreated. They poured fresh brilliance into the palette of the landscape along the emerald left bank of the Danube. Blending into that masterpiece were the light songs of small birds, newly returned from their winter migration, dancing and singing as if to welcome the tender warmth of the new year’s early days.

But Pyrrhos had no mind left to appreciate the wonders of springtime nature. His heart was tangled in confusion he couldn’t unravel. Leaning back against the trunk of a large tree, the soldier sighed and idly twirled a blade of grass between his fingers, his chest burning with impatience. She still hadn’t come. Perhaps he had arrived a little too early—two or three hours ahead of the time mentioned in the letter. But didn’t she understand that, for a vampire, an hour or two was no more than a few minutes? Then again, if that were true, why was he so restless? He should have felt the time pass like the blink of an eye—yet it dragged on as though centuries were crawling by. Despite every wise argument he tried to feed himself—until he half-imagined he was about to become as sage as Regis, the wisest vampire in their community—the fire gnawing away at his patience refused to die. “What if something happened to her on the way?” Pyrrhos unconsciously bit his chapped, blood-deprived lip, then shook his head like a fool. “No, that’s impossible. She’s strong. Nothing could have happened to her…”

“I didn’t think you had such a vivid sense of artistry, Pyrrhos. Just a few months apart and you’ve already changed so much.”

The soldier whipped his head around at the sound of grass parting and that familiar voice. She looked different now—her gait more uneven, her frame thinner and more worn. The dusty green uniform and its medals were gone, replaced by a simple blue sweater that blended with the grass beneath her feet. Yet none of it made her seem fragile. The limp from her injured leg did nothing to diminish the commanding presence of a leader who had once charged into battle alongside the bravest men. That light sweater only accentuated the firm, subtly curving lines of her body—at least in Pyrrhos’s eyes. And to him, she remained the brightest sun he could ever feel, even as the real sun blazed overhead in the clear blue sky.

“You… you’re alive…” Pyrrhos stammered, rushing toward Iglika without even thinking to take her battle-roughened hands. “I… I was afraid… afraid that…”

“If I weren’t alive, then who wrote you that letter, you idiot?” Iglika smirked. Inside, she was genuinely glad to see this endearing subordinate again, but she refused to let it show. “And I don’t die that easily. Don’t waste your worry on me. To assassinate Iglika, you’d need at least a few tons of explosives.”

“Damn it, you still haven’t gotten any more feminine,” Pyrrhos laughed, slipping back into his usual vampire-brand roguishness. “So where the hell have you been hiding all this time, only to pop up now like a ghost?”

“A family in the village of Boslovik let me stay with them. They were kind. And it seems they were among the people we helped across the border a few years ago. They mentioned Solovik and Shostakov, so I figured as much. As for my injuries… the explosion was massive, but I was lucky to be sitting near the window, and Ilya and Dmitri were shielding me from outside, so…”

“They’re dead, aren’t they?” Pyrrhos raised an eyebrow when she trailed off.
“…Yeah. Their bodies were torn into pieces. The moment the bomb went off, they shielded me instantly. I was badly hurt, but I survived. They…”

Pyrrhos fell silent for a moment, then reached out and gently touched the long scar running along her arm. Her hand was paler and thinner than the last time he had held it.

“…Does it hurt?” he asked softly.

She shook her head and turned her face toward the river so she wouldn’t have to meet his eyes.

“Serving and protecting you was the greatest honor of their lives—I believe that,” his rough fingers traced lightly over the scar, following it downward before intertwining with hers. “Don’t feel guilty. I’m no great philosopher like those lunatics holed up in libraries, but I’m certain that right now, they’re at peace with the Virgin Mary, rejoicing that they kept you safe until today.”

“I don’t feel guilty, Pyrrhos,” her voice trembled after a long pause—a rare crack in the iron-willed commander’s composure. “I feel angry. Angry at the cowards behind this plan. Angry at myself for failing to protect my subordinates…”

Pyrrhos watched her for a long time, noting the faint tremor in those scarred shoulders, the once-strong body now fragile beneath his gaze, her cold eyes glistening with unshed tears. Without a word, he placed a hand on her shoulder and guided her down to sit on the soft green carpet of grass, facing the slow-moving Danube. As if by instinct, she leaned her head against the solid shoulder of the vampire the moment she settled. He said nothing—but his actions spoke louder than any words ever could to Iglika in that moment.

“So… what are your plans from now on?” After a while, Iglika broke the silence with a whisper.

“I thought that was the question I should be asking you. Now that you’ve left the partisans, where do you plan to go?”

“…I’m thinking of working on a freight train along the border for a while before deciding anything else. That way I can still help the refugees on the other side. I… I can’t just stand by and watch them suffer.”

“Classic exemplary commander. You make me admire your unwavering ideals, Iglika,” Pyrrhos teased, though his remaining fingers gently brushed a lock of dark hair from her wounded face.

“And you—do you still plan to stay true to those ideals, Pyrrhos?”

Silence fell, broken only by the cheerful twittering of birds filling the air.

“I’m not human, you know that,” his hoarse voice finally answered, accompanied by a shrug. “And I’ve never been particularly good at sticking to one path. Vampires tend to live rather freely. But… if it means carrying on your legacy, then I think I’ll keep going.”
“I don’t want to force you. If you feel you can’t continue, you’re free to leave. After all, I’m no longer your commander, even if—”

“You actually believed me? You’re still as endearingly naive as ever, ‘human,’” a bright chuckle rang out beside her. “I’ll stay. I’ll keep walking this road. Of course, not just because of you—so don’t get any ideas.”

“I didn’t.”

“Getting wiser, I see.”

A gentle breeze swept over them as they leaned against each other, stirring the grass around them in the rhythm of spring. Birds swooped down nearby, hopping in short bursts across the ground in search of food, still chattering away. Before them, the Danube flowed steadily, weaving past rocks with a soft murmur—like a mother telling her children strange tales from upstream. For a brief moment—just a fleeting one—the two of them forgot the world of smoke and suffering beyond. For a brief moment, their space shrank to nothing but the Danube and the warm, steady shoulder of the other. For a brief moment, their world held only each other.

“If you stay with the unit, that would be good—I could ask for your help with a few things. I hope everything will turn out the way we once dreamed,” Iglika said, breaking the spell of suspended time and rising with difficulty. “It’s getting late. We should part now before the partisans start wondering where you’ve gone and send someone looking. That wouldn’t end well.”

“I was thinking the same,” Pyrrhos stood too, though regret tore at him over the moment now ending—he hid it well. “Contact me whenever you need anything. I’ll do everything I can to help.”

“I know. Speaking of which, using real names for contact right now isn’t smart—the revolutionaries could trace it and learn I’m still alive. So from now on, I’ll go by Corvus. Remember that, Pyrrhos. It’s important.”

“To me, you’ll always be the difficult, stubborn Iglika. But if that’s what you want, fine. The letters will be addressed to Corvus.”

“Better already.” She paused. “Who knows when we’ll meet again, but I believe it will be soon.”

Her hand extended. For a heartbeat, Pyrrhos hesitated to take it. He wanted to say more—to tell her what he truly thought of her, to confess his real feelings. But…

“It was good to see you again, Iglika,” he said after a pause. “Удачи в твоём следующем пути, моя дорогая.” (Good luck on your next path, my dear.)

“That’s what I wanted to say to you too.” Surprise flickered across the commander’s face, but she quickly regained her calm. “It was good to see you again, my subordinate.”

And so they parted. No more words. No embrace, no farewell kiss. Iglika and Pyrrhos simply turned and walked in opposite directions—just as a small leaf drifted down into the space they left behind.
