<p align="center"><em>Allegretto poco adagio, poi velocissimo risoluto, gravemente con fuoco</em></p>
<p align="center">***</p>
"She doesn't understand a thing about literature."

Aleph fell out of his own thoughts, pulled from the matrix of ideas he had been weaving together in his mind. Before him stood the man with red hair and black leather clothes.

"Were you talking to me?"

"Unless you think 'she' could refer to more than one person here besides yourself, then yes, I'm talking to you," Merlin lowered his voice, glancing back at Aleph as he leaned against the invisible door nearby.

"What has she done to you this time?"

"Her books are a catastrophe, and that's putting it mildly. She understands nothing about literary theory, nothing about linguistic signs, she doesn't even fully grasp the very literature she's writing. She's like a headstrong child, knows absolutely nothing yet still insists on doing everything, and none of it amounts to anything."

"That's precisely why she needs us, isn't it?" In contrast to Merlin's sharpness, Aleph maintained his composure, adjusting his posture to prepare for a return to his own thoughts. "You call her a child. Well, if that's the case, isn't that all the better? A child carries within them thoughts that are naïve and foolish, yet those very thoughts are ideas that sometimes even 'adults' like us could never conceive of. Genius, on occasion, begins from the purest innocence, Merlin."

"I don't understand what's so fascinating about her that you feel compelled to give her such special attention, Aleph."

"Because she is a child, isn't she? A child, just as you said, headstrong, curious about everything around her. But she is also a child willing to absorb new things, to learn everything she doesn't yet know. A child whose greatest desire is to engrave the entire world upon the page, with her own pen."

"…A pipe dream," Merlin murmured after a moment of silence.

"A pipe dream," Aleph nodded, as though confirming the statement. "But that child dares to act, and dares to come to us to make it real. To me, that is what matters most."

"The Transcendent does not accept something so vague and undefined, Aleph."

"We are counselors of the world, Merlin. Or at least I am. Every request will be handled by us, every problem will be resolved without extraneous questioning. And that child—" Aleph gently closed his eyes, as though wishing to end this debate he knew would lead nowhere, "—that child does not need to reach the Transcendent. She only wants us to take her by the hand and guide her as she writes each word into a world of her own. And I will continue to do so, whether you like it or not."

**

"Aleph! Read this for me, there's a manuscript—"

Recoleta stopped mid-sentence, because she realized that the figure seated behind the familiar desk did not belong to the novelist she knew so well. The same red hair, the same frame towering over Recoleta's own, but this time clad in black clothing with a face wrapped almost entirely in white bandages. To be precise, Recoleta did recognize this person, and that was exactly why she stopped. Because this man would certainly top the list of the very last people on earth the novelist ever wanted to see.

The man looked up from the pile of papers on the desk upon hearing the door open and the young woman's high-pitched voice. His face was difficult to read, the white bandages concealing nearly every movement of the muscles beneath, but Recoleta guessed he had raised an eyebrow, ever so slightly.

"Novelist," Merlin spoke, in a voice entirely unlike Aleph's. If that counselor possessed a tone that was even yet still carried warmth, Merlin's was simply apathetic and cold. "Your presence is the last surprise I could have expected today. Is there something you need?"

"Good evening, Merlin. I came looking for Aleph, but it seems he isn't here," the novelist replied cautiously, stepping back toward the door as though preparing an escape route. "So perhaps I should take my leave…"

"Not so fast, novelist." Merlin cut her off with measured calm. He had never once called her by her real name. "You've gone through the trouble of coming all this way. It would be terribly discourteous not to receive you. Come in, and please don't hesitate to sit on this settee."

Merlin had already risen from his chair, so Recoleta understood that the golden moment to retreat had passed. She stepped into his office, slowly lowering herself onto the seat he had indicated while Merlin busied himself fetching two small cups and a large teapot, placing one before her.

"Aleph had urgent business and had to leave early this morning. I'm truly sorry that he didn't inform you beforehand," the doctor said while unhurriedly filling both porcelain cups with a pale pink liquid.

"Oh, it's fine. I mean, I only wanted to ask Aleph to read my latest manuscript. It's nothing terribly important."

"A new manuscript?" Only then did Merlin notice the sheaf of papers clipped neatly together on Recoleta's lap. "How interesting. Might I?"

"Oh… um… sure, if you'd like."

Recoleta had never given any of her manuscripts to Merlin to read. Partly because her relationship with him was nothing like her relationship with Aleph, but also partly because… she felt a certain unease about him. Of course, all such judgments were merely subjective impressions, especially since she had never once let him read her work. Yet Recoleta always felt a vague discomfort in his proximity, and so she had almost never wanted him to see her earliest drafts, things that, in her view, were no different from a naked image of herself laid bare across words still unfinished.

Like right now, as the man in the wide-brimmed hat studied the sheaf of pages, the ink still not quite dry. If one were to be objective, the postures of both Merlin and Aleph while reading were strikingly similar, yet the feelings each evoked in the writer were worlds apart. With Aleph, Recoleta always felt a sense of reassurance and peace, that he would offer some useful advice once he finished and speak in the gentlest voice possible. With Merlin, it felt as though Recoleta herself were being <em>assessed</em>, scrutinized through every stroke of her pen.

Outside, the soft glow of the moon had been swallowed by dark clouds, and the cawing of crows grew sharper as they sensed the sudden turn in the weather. The space grew darker by the moment, the mournful cries of the birds thickening the air inside the room, and that prickling sensation along the novelist's spine, as though someone were examining her, grew ever more distinct.

"Not bad." Contrary to Recoleta's anxiety, what came from the man was praise. "You have quite a knack for describing and exploring the things you want to achieve. Your sense of self comes through rather clearly in the story as well, as though I could see your image within it."

"You think so?" Merlin's compliment was a deliverance, freeing Recoleta from the dread that had gripped her. As if unshackled, the writer felt comfort return. "Well, I did try to accomplish that, at least compared to the previous manuscript I gave Aleph to read. You know, I tried to infuse at least a small part of my own self into this draft, and I'm glad it worked, that you noticed, at least. Incorporating the author's sense of self into the story really is—"

"<em>A book is not an isolated entity; it is a dialogue established with the reader.</em>" Merlin slowly cut in, placing the manuscript back on the desk, his eyes still fixed on the novelist. "Do you know this quote, lady author?"

"The essay <em>Nota sobre Bernard Shaw</em>, published in 1952 by Jorge Luis Borges." Somewhat surprised by Merlin's abrupt question, the brown-haired young woman answered with composure. "Borges wanted each of his works to become a living entity, one that could help the reader connect with literature and with the author himself."

"But that's absurd, isn't it? You can't treat a work as a 'living entity.' And how could one possibly perceive an author through a single work?"

"Absurd? But why would you think that?"

Merlin gently picked up the small silver spoon, stirring the thick concoction he called "tea" inside the porcelain cup, producing faint, small sounds that echoed steadily through the dim, shadow-softened space of the room. Surprisingly, though they seemed like random noises, they rang out in a rhythm as regular as a metronome.

"<em>More than one person, doubtless like me, writes in order to have no face</em>. Surely you've heard this from Foucault? A literary work is not something for the author to breathe their soul into. No, Miss Recoleta, the author serves no function within a story other than to rearrange the discourses within it. The things you believe reflect the author's spirit are merely the re-establishment of a system in which language reigns and the author is nothing more than one tasked with restructuring those words into a work."

"You're being unreasonable, Merlin. Systems? Discourses? Those may be words suited to your own works, but not to mine. Romanticism isn't about writing merely to reconstruct what already exists, it exists so that authors may create something new, embedding within it their own reflections, their own convictions. <em>'Writing is nothing other than a guided dream,'</em> and dreams, doctor, aren't they also reflections of your subconscious?"

"The dialogue with readers through works is not a dialogue between the author and those people. It is the universality of a discursive system shaped within society. It reflects nothing of any author, even if you try to force it into being so. <em>'Writing today has freed itself from the theme of expression. It refers only to itself… unfolding like a game that invariably exceeds its own rules and transgresses its own limits.'</em> Perhaps it is precisely because you have always misunderstood the meaning of writing that you can never find your own ending through your literature?"

"My literature…" Recoleta pressed her lips together slightly, feeling every word catch in her throat. She was growing helpless against each of Merlin's assertions. She didn't want to admit he was right, and she knew he wasn't right. But she couldn't find a single word to counter the nauseating erudition of this doctor.

"Art is governed by a regime, and that regime is society. And society will always produce discourses to regulate all matters. The things you believe you create are, in truth, merely reconstructions of all pre-existing discourses. Yet you persist, with the naïve belief that you are creating something new, don't you? And when you try, you produce a chaos so disordered it disrupts the very discourses themselves. The more you try to graft that laughably small ego of yours onto pre-existing discourses, the more chaos you create by colliding with the system of signs and language that has existed so beautifully for so long. What you produce is not literature, Recoleta. What you produce is an ugly painting, by a person who cannot even understand who she is or what she wants, yet who insists on creating disorder and upheaval within a canvas that was already a harmony of every finest element."

"I don't understand everything you're saying, Merlin," Recoleta replied hoarsely after a long moment. She did not cry, cause these things were nothing compared to what she had endured before. She was simply searching for a lifeline, something to cling to amid the storm of criticism from the doctor. "I'm not Aleph, so I can't comprehend all these lofty ideas about discourses or systemic chaos that you speak of. I don't understand them. But I understand one thing: I don't try to impose my sense of self merely to satisfy anything. I write to preserve what I see, everything I have lived through, to preserve on these pages the emotions of every person I've met, to hold within these books every memory and smallest joy. Perhaps to you, Merlin, literature must be discourses, must be the order of every element in life, must be a grand harmony of all things. But to me, literature… is the study of the human. Literature lives when there is a human soul within it. That soul may belong to characters who exist upon the pages, or it may be the soul of the author herself, entrusting a part of herself into every sentence. Whether the author lives or dies, creates something new or doesn't, in the end, the purpose of literature, or if you prefer, the purpose of everything I put into a book of mine, is to bring a part of life to the very people within those pages, and to try to find a point of convergence between the reader's soul and the soul of the book. And that is my literature, Merlin."

Observing the author from the corner of his eye, the doctor was silent for a long while. His fingers, sheathed in velvet, still tapped rhythmically against the wooden armrest, but there was no longer the mechanical steadiness from before. There were beats that fell off tempo, taps slightly too quick, the pace of a quarter note, or sometimes too slow, dragging like a whole note. Beats that deviated from Merlin's own original design.

<em>The Transcendent does not accept any deviation, no matter how slight.</em>

"I understand." Contrary to what Recoleta had expected, Merlin spoke with extraordinary gentleness after the long silence. He did not raise his voice, did not tremble with anger or loss of control. It was like a velvet blanket of warmth: soft, gentle, and perfectly composed. "Forgive me for behaving below the proper standard and for allowing emotions to govern our conversation just now, Recoleta. It was merely a small misunderstanding, and a momentary lapse in control that led me to place you in this uncomfortable position. You clearly have your own perspectives, and they differ greatly from mine. As a counselor, I should have accepted that rather than attempting to steer you in any particular direction. Please accept my most sincere apology, Miss Recoleta."

"Oh… um, it's quite all right." Briefly flustered by the doctor's entirely different demeanor, Recoleta still managed to respond. "It was just a misunderstanding. Nothing too serious. I think that… um, I hope that from now on we'll understand each other better."

"That is a certainty, Miss Recoleta. I now fully understand your point, and I believe we can work together for a long time to come. I very much look forward to that day." With that, the man in dark clothing gently pushed the cup of tea closer to Recoleta, before raising his own. "Consider this another sincere apology from me, Miss Recoleta. Think of this full cup of tea as all the misunderstandings between us, and when you drink it to the last drop, those misunderstandings will be entirely washed away."

She hesitated at first, but the author smiled before lifting Merlin's offered cup and draining it. Life out there had taught her a few things she still remembered to this day, and one of them was the value of "forgiveness", of making peace with capable people. Merlin might be somewhat unhinged, a man whose mind worked unlike that of ordinary people, but he was genuinely talented. A talent that Recoleta thought she could make use of for her own work in the future.

The tea tasted sweeter than Recoleta had expected, bringing her the pleasant flavor of herbs and… a heaviness settling over her eyelids?

"How wonderful to think of the days ahead, Miss Recoleta, when we'll be working together. Your philosophy is something truly promising, and I look forward to collaborating with you in the future."

The author smiled, and gave a small nod. Unconsciously, as she felt her eyelids growing heavier and her awareness no longer holding firm. Merlin's fingers were moving faster now.

<em>The tempo was shifting.</em>

"I say this with complete sincerity, Miss Recoleta. What I heard from you earlier was truly impressive and fascinating…"

They were growing fainter. Merlin's words, as though echoing from somewhere far away rather than from across the table. She fought to keep herself awake, fought to keep herself from the darkness that was slowly claiming her consciousness.

"For… forgive me, perhaps I need to return to my room…" With her last remaining strength, Recoleta tried to stand and speak, but the gentlest push sent her falling back into the chair.

<em>The fingers were moving faster. Two consecutive strikes within a single beat.</em>

"Literature cannot be chaos. There is no room for disorder, or for the intrusion of any ego into that harmonious canvas, not even the smallest."

Everything around Recoleta was fading, her consciousness entirely engulfed by a grey mist, yet still just clear enough for her to see the man in the wide-brimmed hat drawing nearer.

"Al… Aleph…"

<em>Four consecutive strikes.</em>

"The Transcendent does not accept any irregularity, no matter how slight, novelist Recoleta."

Recoleta tried to reach out, tried to grasp at something invisible in the air. The image of Aleph flickered through the last clear fragment of her consciousness.

"Sweet dreams, author. I promise it will be quick"

<em>Subito Silenzio.</em>
