<p align="center"><em>Vivace con delicatezza e scherzando</em></p>
<p align="center">***</p>
Moscow, one afternoon. Even though it was already late in the day, the city was still bustling with life. The sound of cars, children laughing and playing on the streets, the chatter of passersby, and birds chirping on the branches all blended into a wonderful symphony to end the day. Sasha loved these sounds, because they were Moscow’s way of “speaking,” the sounds of peace and relaxation. But right now, Sasha wasn’t paying much attention to them anymore.

She wanted to enjoy the peace and quiet in this room and simply admire the girl in front of her.

Anna was sitting on the windowsill, half her body leaning outside. She was wearing Sasha’s headphones, her silky wood-brown hair swaying to the rhythm as she quietly sang along. Sasha had never thought Anna would be this interested in her playlist. “I want to understand my girlfriend better,” Anna had said excitedly before snatching the headphones from her.

Everyone else was out of the house today, and Sasha had wanted to take this chance for them to have more private time together. But Anna had forbidden her from touching her while she was listening to music. 

“Whatever,” Sasha clicked her tongue. “As long as she’s happy… even though I really just want to hold her.”
Sasha pulled out her sketchbook again and let her fingers glide across the paper. No matter how many drawings of Anna she had already done, she still couldn’t stop. Anna was too beautiful, too perfect. Every time she saw her, Sasha felt the urge to draw her again. It was as if her art was helpless before the girl’s beauty.
The pen moved across the paper, the first lines beginning to take shape. Maybe I should try a new pose for her, Sasha thought, biting the end of her pen.
“What are you doing, Sasha?” A sweet voice rang out. Sasha saw a strand of brown hair peeking over the top of her sketchbook.
“WOAH! An… Anna? You’re done listening already?” Sasha quickly closed the sketchbook and hid it behind her back.
“I finished a while ago. Now I’m wondering what you’re doing,” Anna smiled softly, leaning closer until her face was right in front of Sasha’s, making the girl’s blood rush to her cheeks. “Are you being a naughty girl again?”
“N-no, I’m not,” Sasha laughed, though she knew the smile only made her look more suspicious. “I was just drawing you.”
“Oh really? Since when did you have this strange new hobby of drawing? I don’t remember you drawing much before.”
“Maybe dating a beautiful angel like you forced me to find a way to express my feelings?”
“Is that so?” Anna chuckled. “Your tongue is as smooth as jelly, Sasha.”
“Why jelly?” Sasha asked with fake innocence, while her right hand gently rested on Anna’s back.
“Because I like ‘eating’ it too,” Anna lifted Sasha’s chin and planted a long kiss on her lips.
Sasha had known this was coming, so she used her right hand to pull Anna closer, making it easier for them. Their tongues tangled and devoured each other like two starving animals.
Suddenly, Anna pushed Sasha down onto the bed.
“Ouch… that actually hurt…”
“You’ve been waiting for some private time together, haven’t you?” Anna smiled as she climbed on top of Sasha, straddling her hips. “Good. Then I’ll make it up to you. But this time… I’m taking charge.”
“Wow, when did you become like this? I remember you were still so shy just a few weeks ago,” Sasha giggled, raising both hands in surrender.
“Aren’t you the one who made me like this?”
With that, Anna captured Sasha’s tongue again. Her right hand pinned both of Sasha’s arms above her head while her left hand lifted the hem of Sasha’s crop top. Anna’s skilled tongue swept through every corner of Sasha’s mouth, tasting everything, even sucking on her saliva as if she wanted to devour the smaller girl completely.
Only after a long while did Anna finally pull back. When their lips parted, a thin string of saliva broke and dripped onto Sasha’s neck. Sasha’s mind felt like it had just taken a trip to the moon. She felt dazed and empty. Her face was flushed, her blood racing through her veins.
Anna smiled with satisfaction. She had always been the one being “teased” before. Now, being in control felt incredibly thrilling. She lowered her head to Sasha’s waist and used her teeth to pull the crop top up, while her left hand gently caressed the firm abs of her girlfriend.
“Ah… w-wait… slow down, Anna…” Sasha moaned loudly, the stimulation on her stomach driving her crazy.
“Shhh—” Anna grabbed a nearby handkerchief and stuffed it into Sasha’s mouth. “You don’t want anyone else to hear, right?”
After that, Anna continued her work. Her fingers lightly traced the sensitive spots on Sasha’s stomach, followed by her tongue. Anna’s warm, skillful tongue licked every inch of Sasha’s belly. And every time it brushed over Sasha’s nipples, the girl couldn’t help but moan “Ah… Ah…”, which only aroused Anna even more.
“Ah… Anna…” Sasha couldn’t take it anymore. She spat out the handkerchief and trembled as she spoke. “Please… I… I can’t hold on anymore…”
“I’m out of patience with you, Sasha,” Anna smiled softly. She sat up, leaned close to Sasha’s ear, and whispered, “Alright then. Since you’re already like this… maybe I’ll give my naughty girl a little reward~”