<p align="center">Lagrhetto con gran Amore</em></p>
<p align="center">***</p>
Cyrene woke up first, even though she had gone to bed later than him. She lay close to the wall, still in the exact same position as when she fell asleep. The young woman gently tilted her head, and her gaze unconsciously settled on the gentle face lying opposite her.
Phainon was still deep in sleep, like a large, carefree cat who had shed all his defenses. He lay on his side, face-to-face with Cyrene, still wearing yesterday’s clothes, now wrinkled from being slept on. Cyrene could feel his large hand tightly holding hers. Even in deep sleep, he gripped her as if he would never let go. She had tried to gently pull her hand away, but it was useless — as if sensing her intention, he only held on tighter. Realizing she couldn’t free herself, Cyrene turned fully to face him and quietly watched the sleeping boy…
Cyrene suddenly froze. This was perhaps the first time she had ever observed Phainon from such a close distance. There was no longer the strong, reliable presence he showed when helping others, nor the bright smile he wore when talking to her. Right now, he was simply Phainon in sleep — fragile, warm, and breathtakingly beautiful. His snow-white hair spilled across the pillow, framing his delicate face. His lips, which usually pressed together when he was deep in thought or curved into a smile when speaking with her, were now slightly parted, breathing slow and peaceful.
Cyrene found herself breathing more softly, afraid she might shatter this fragile moment. The faint freckles on his face — usually invisible unless seen up close — now stood out clearly across the bridge of his nose and cheeks like a faint trail of stardust. The warmth from his large hand wasn’t just from holding hers; it seemed to beat in sync with her own heart, seeping through her skin and reaching straight into her chest. In the soft light of early morning, accompanied by the sparse chirping of birds outside, Cyrene quietly gazed at their intertwined hands. His hand was so warm. She gently brushed her thumb across his palm, and in his sleep, Phainon let out a soft, contented hum, burying his face deeper into the white pillow. A lock of white hair fell across his face, and Cyrene had to restrain the strong urge to brush it aside herself.
Cyrene suddenly smiled, her lips curving up tenderly. Normally, she woke up with a long list of things to do, with the need to control everything, with thoughts on how to make everything perfect. But right now, in this moment, her only task was: Stay here and watch the boy who hadn’t just entered her bed, but had somehow slipped into her soul. That thought brought a small spark of joy to her heart, because it meant that no matter what had happened, her plan was still progressing perfectly.
A part of her screamed: Let go. Let yourself belong to this boy. Start over from the beginning — no games, no calculations, just feel what he’s giving you. But the other part… the other part kept whispering: Don’t. Don’t lower your guard. Don’t trust him. Don’t let yourself fall for him. You’re not that kind of person. You must always be the one who leaves first. You must always stay in control. He’s already ready for this; and if you lose control now, it will only hurt more later. It will hurt him. Or perhaps… it will hurt you too.
Cyrene closed her eyes for a moment, trying to silence that relentless voice. But it wouldn’t disappear. It couldn’t. That voice had lived inside her for far too long, etched into every cell and every thought. It wouldn’t vanish so easily.
“What have you done to me…?” Cyrene whispered, almost soundlessly, her eyes still fixed on the quietly breathing Phainon in front of her.
She remained still, not daring to move. She feared that even the smallest movement might shatter everything and make the boy before her disappear. But Phainon only breathed more deeply and relaxed further, burying his face deeper into the pillow. The snow-white strands on his cheek seemed to beckon her, and finally, she could no longer resist. Cyrene carefully used her fingertips to brush the lock of hair aside, tucking it behind his ear. His skin was so warm and soft. She let her finger linger at his temple, feeling the steady pulse beneath the thin skin. Feeling his life. Feeling “Phainon” with her own fingertips.
“You can’t even imagine…” Cyrene whispered, “…how real you are. To me… you’re real.”
Her chest suddenly tightened. The cautious, warning voice grew distant. Because the warmth from his hand, his breath, and his scent… everything felt far too real. Here. Right now.
Cyrene decided to move closer to Phainon until only a few centimeters remained between them.
“Is this okay…?” she mouthed silently to the still-sleeping boy.
Of course, Phainon didn’t answer. But his relaxed face and slightly parted lips seemed like the clearest answer possible. Slowly, very slowly, Cyrene leaned down and pressed her lips to the corner of his mouth. The kiss lasted only a second — light and fleeting like a gentle breeze. But inside her, something shattered and trembled. In his sleep, Phainon took a deeper breath, the corners of his mouth curving into a faint, happy smile. He tilted his head as if seeking warmth, then buried his nose into Cyrene’s shoulder. His grip on her hand loosened slightly, but he still didn’t let go.
“M-m-m…” A soft, satisfied hum escaped him before falling silent again.
Cyrene froze, feeling her heart beating dangerously fast. Two emotions clashed violently within her: a tenderness that made her want to cry, and a fear that left her body ice-cold. The older girl wrestled with every passing second. She couldn’t easily abandon the principles she had followed her whole life. But she also couldn’t fully surrender to the present, because doing so felt like running away from the values she had built. Cyrene tried to pull her hand away once more, but Phainon frowned in his sleep, mumbled something incoherent, and held her even tighter — as if her hand was his only anchor. Instinctively, Cyrene moved closer. Without thinking, she simply drew nearer, ignoring the screaming logic in her head.
“Shh…” Cyrene whispered almost soundlessly, quickly placing her other hand over Phainon’s lips.
Her gentle fingers covered his soft face. Cyrene watched the boy and tried not to think anymore. She no longer cared about the two voices in her head. She had already decided. Everything had been decided. Just let it happen. She had prepared herself for both outcomes. Phainon immediately relaxed the hand he had been gripping tightly, as if sensing the warmth of her hand on his lips. His breathing returned to its steady rhythm. Cyrene pulled back slightly and only realized a few seconds later that her cheeks were burning red.
What am I doing?
Cyrene didn’t withdraw her hand. She couldn’t. Instead, she moved even closer, burying her nose into his snow-white hair, inhaling the faint scent of shampoo mixed with the smell of city breeze, then closed her eyes. The sun began to rise outside the window, and in the small room, amid this accidental intimacy, something new and terrifyingly tender was beginning to form. So tender that Cyrene wanted to cry for herself.
Even though she knew no tears would fall.
The sun climbed higher. Warm rays of light slipped through the curtains, dancing across the walls, scattered papers, and their tightly clasped hands, along with the pink hair spread across the pillow. At some point, Cyrene had quietly fallen back asleep. The exhaustion from the past weeks, the sleepless nights, and the constant need for control had finally loosened enough for her to drift off. She slept dreamlessly, deeply and peacefully — the first time in a very long while she felt this sense of safety.
This time, Phainon woke up before Cyrene. He didn’t open his eyes immediately but lay still, listening to everything around him. It was warm. So incredibly warm. And there was a familiar, comforting scent that could only belong to his older sister-figure, his friend. Phainon smiled in his sleep, not yet understanding why he felt so happy. Then he felt the weight on his hand — their fingers still intertwined. Someone’s breath was tickling the top of his head. He opened his eyes.
Cyrene was sleeping beside him. Phainon froze. Cyrene was asleep. Truly. Right here. With him. Her face was relaxed, lips pressed into a soft line, long lashes casting shadows on her cheeks. This wasn’t a dream. Nothing in this moment was a dream. Phainon looked at her and couldn’t stop looking — at the way she slept, the way she breathed, the way her lashes fluttered gently with each breath. She was so beautiful.
Carefully, as if afraid to wake her, he reached out with his free hand and touched her cheek. Cyrene’s skin was incredibly soft and warm. Phainon caressed her with a touch so light it was barely there, and suddenly noticed that the older girl was smiling in her sleep. Just a little, at the corner of her mouth. But it was still a smile.
“You smile even when you’re sleeping…” Phainon whispered soundlessly. “…What are you dreaming about? I hope it’s about me?”
He withdrew his hand. Cyrene frowned slightly, then took a deep breath and blinked awake. Still half-asleep, she turned to look at him, her gaze gradually focusing on Phainon.
“Good morning…” Phainon whispered with a smile.
Cyrene blinked a few times. A spark of warmth flashed in her eyes, followed by a sudden shyness she always tried to hide.
“Good morning…” she replied in a slightly hoarse voice. “Have you been awake long?”
“About five minutes…” Phainon continued smiling. “…Watching you.”
“You mean staring?”
“Not exactly…” he whispered.
“Yes, you were. How naughty…” Cyrene teased, a light smile appearing on her lips. “Little pervert.”
“I’m not like that!” Phainon protested. “It’s just… how could I not look, when someone like you is right here?”
The older girl smiled instead of answering, but almost immediately looked away. She suddenly realized their hands were still intertwined and tried to gently pull away. But Phainon immediately tightened his grip.
“No…” he said, “…I’m not letting go.”
“Snowy…”
“Why ‘Snowy’? Holding your hand like this makes me feel at peace.”
Phainon closed his eyes. But only a minute later, he opened them again, his gaze locking onto Cyrene.
“Now it’s your turn to look at me.”
“Yeah… I’m looking.”
Phainon smiled, a little shy but filled with indescribable joy.
“How do I look?”
