<p align="center"><em>Largo Tenebroso, con molto Amore</em></p>
<p align="center">***</p>
Once again, at 4 a.m., he jolted awake and vomited violently, just like always. His body seemed to have finally reached its limit.

The pure white bedsheet was soiled with greenish-yellow bile from his frail, pitiful body. Recoleta still woke up and gently supported him.

But even she could no longer stand the stench. It looked like today’s dose hadn’t been enough. Or perhaps she still hadn’t given him enough of her love?

She thought to herself as she looked at him — at that gaunt, emaciated body, at the messy red hair now clumped with foul vomit, at those scarred arms. For some reason, the sight made her feel an insatiable hunger.

Her chest throbbed painfully, making it hard to breathe. Just thinking about it was enough to trigger her beastly instincts.

Recoleta dragged Aleph into the bathroom, wiping and washing away the mess he had thrown up. She took a sip of water into her mouth before transferring it from her lips to his.

That confused, bewildered expression — Recoleta loved it so much. Like a wild animal unable to control itself, she pushed Aleph down onto the cold tiled floor, though his body heat made her forget the chill entirely.

“Clothes like this… how convenient.”

Recoleta watched the advisor’s slightly averted gaze — embarrassed and shy, like a young maiden being led to her boyfriend’s room for her first time. But this wasn’t their first time, was it?

She rubbed her hardened length against his ass, her hand stroking the white dress stained with dried blood and semen. The friction was already driving Recoleta insane, and the fact that Aleph couldn’t fight back or resist only aroused her even more.

“It’s already wet, can you feel it? How disgusting… I’ve barely touched you…”

As soon as she finished speaking, she thrust straight inside him. The sound of flesh slapping against flesh echoed as Aleph’s body trembled like a small animal bitten on the neck.

“Fuck… still so tight… Do you really love me this much, Aleph…?”

She ignored whether he looked like he was in pain. That hoarse voice of his couldn’t even scream anymore. Letting pleasure take control, she pounded deeper into him with even more force.

Aleph’s body collapsed onto the floor, but that didn’t stop Recoleta. The tight flesh clenched and squeezed around her. The harder he tightened, the more brutally she thrust.

She lifted him up like a child and carried him back to the bed after throwing away the vomit-stained sheet. His nipples had turned a deep red from the constant friction.

Aleph’s pathetic little cock was twitching, leaking drops of clear fluid. Recoleta rubbed her own length against his stomach, came once deep inside his small hole, then continued without pause.

Recoleta no longer cared what Aleph wanted. Everything about him belonged to her now.

This naughty boy could no longer escape her grasp.

“Hang in there, darling. If you’re good, you’ll still have one eye left tonight.”

She smiled softly as she watched the terrified expression of the weak, herbivorous creature beneath her.
---

Is this madness?

No. Love is blind, after all.

“I want you to know… I’d do anything for you, Aleph.”

“Sweet dreams.”
